Fix links and code block format (#1536)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/get-started.md

</details>

> After connecting to the cluster, you can run the following commands to verify that some features available in TiDB. Note that some commands require TiDB 4.0 or higher versions. If you have deployed an earlier version, you need to <a href="#第-5-步升级-tidb-集群">upgrade the TiDB cluster</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After connecting to the cluster, you can run the following commands to verify that some features available in TiDB. Note that some commands require TiDB 4.0 or higher versions. If you have deployed an earlier version, [Upgrade the TiDB cluster](#step-5-upgrade-a-tidb-cluster).
```

<details>
<summary>Query the TiDB cluster information</summary>

> This command is effective only in TiDB 4.0 or later versions. If your TiDB does not support the command, you need to <a href="#step-5-upgrade-a-tidb-cluster">upgrade the TiDB cluster</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command is effective only in TiDB 4.0 or later versions. If your TiDB does not support the command, you need to [upgrade the TiDB cluster](#step-5-upgrade-a-tidb-cluster).
```
